---
layout: post
categories: creators
permalink: Yaron
title:  "Yaron"
description: Comic Artist
picture: public/images/black.png
---

The success business soup drawing is a copy of a pop art wallpainting situated in a swiss bank, 
which copies Warhol and Lichtenstein art, which copies comics art. I lived the past eight years in Geneva, 
the city in where is located the ATM that I fucked and which is standing in front of the success business 
soup which is a pop art wallpainting situated in a swiss bank, which copies Warhol and Lichtenstein art, 
which copies comics art. I am now living in Berlin.

My research-based art practice seeks to reclaim our bodies with an ecological, 
do-it-yourself methodology: inventing open source tools, learning by doing, observing 
everyday life details and the reality of our interdependancy, crafting, recycling, 
and autonomous copyleft collaborative processes. 
I see bodily transformation as a hacking tool to reduce the means of production, 
question the ways we live and the provenance of knowledge, and to ask how we organize 
ourselves and connect to each other. Influenced by my past studies, marginal experiences, 
utopian daydreams, and alternative night spaces, my practice blurs disciplinary borders 
and the idea of belonging while questioning the artistic production context. 
I want to draw hypertextual fictions with ink and bodies, which do not stop at the end of the arms. 
The body is the most humble and complex material, whose access becomes a vital necessity.

- [Graphic novel](https://issuu.com/baadbaad/docs/jadeministre_web_d2fe520c25d48a)
